# Analysis-of-Data-Science-Jobs
The amount of data we have been generating from the past few years has been incresed exponetially. As John Naisbitt once said, "We are drowning in information but starving for knowledge." But to conquer this, there has been a rapid development in the field of data science. This field makes use of mainly statistics, mathematics, scientific methods, computer programming, machine learning, deep learning and many more things to extract knowledge, generate insights and derive patterns from the noisy, unstrutured data. The growth of this field has brought many job opportunites across the world, due to this, the data science has become the most sought after career option today. This field will continue to grow, since the need of analayzing the mammoth amount of data is increasing day-by-day. There are various job titles among this field and to understand about them, here I have data of 3755 job titles from the companies all across the world. I have performed question based analysis to generate various insights and to see what are the main factors that affect the relation of job titles and their salaries.
### Important Links
[Excel file](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JfCRYzNtamRt2gefvnqlEeN3evmkvJsd/editusp=share_link&ouid=112452469875117132224&rtpof=true&sd=true)<br>[Jupyter Notebook](https://github.com/prasadposture/Analysis-of-Data-Science-Jobs/blob/main/Analysis-of-Data-Science-Jobs.ipynb)
<br>
<br>
Disclaimer : It is recommended not to be relied upon the dataset used here, since it may contain faulty values at large extent. The sole purpose of using it here is to educate others about the workflow of a data analytics project with Excel.
